>> Mike North: So
let me add one more interesting thing here
before we jump in to our next exercise.
There's something called the any type.
And think of this as a wild card type,
right.
Anything could be assigned to
a variable that is of the any type.
So in this example we say age = 34.
So age's type is a what?
>> Speaker 2: Number.
>> Mike North: Number.
And then we have myAge,
and we say age as any.
So we're casting this to the any type.
myAge's type is now any.
And so now we're able to assign myAge.
We can give it values of whatever we want.
Booleans, strings, anything like that.
Anything is assignable to an any.
It is easy to remember there.
The way you can think of this is,
you're back to regular JavaScript.
This is the way a non
typescript world treats
things like any variable
that's defined with let.
You can reassign it whatever you want.
And I talked about how you could have
typescript to kind of chew on regular
JavaScript code and make sense of it,
and give you some information.
This is a big part of how
it's able to do that.
Where it can't infer
the type of a variable.
It'll just give it the any type and
it'll allow things to play out from there.
And as you tighten things up, you can sort
of make that constraint more accurate and
more tightened up to what you actually
expect the range of those values to be.
Typically what you do is,
say we have a JavaScript piece of code and
we're converting it to TypeScript.
You would say anything goes, we're
just gonna change this JS file to TS.
You would end up with
a lot of implicit any's.
Right, where it's gonna go through
your code and it's gonna say,
all right, this is a function that
takes two arguments, and it's a and b.
And you return a + b,
those could be strings,
those could be numbers, I don't know.
I can't figure it out, I don't have enough
information in order to make a call here.
See those would be implicit any's.
So then, you would at some point,
forbid implicit any's.
And you'd go through and say, okay,
well where we really wanna be flexible,
we will have explicit any's, or
we'll give it a type, a proper type.
And then, you would try to purge
explicit any's from your code base, and
end up with things having a well defined
type instead of sort of the catchall.
The opposite of the any
type is a never type.
And nothing can be assigned to a never.
So if we did like let.
Let me take you to a code here.
Our little scratch pad.
>> Mike North: So
if we had something like this,
>> Mike North: That's fair game.
>> Mike North: This is not,
nothing can be assignable to a never.
You might ask, why would you do this?
We'll dig into it a little bit tomorrow
as we talk about types in a deeper way.
But just think of it as
something you would want in
potentially unreachable sections of code.
You can almost think of it like a throw
except for the typescript compiler.
Where if somehow you have a function
that in some situation returns a never,
now as the compiler is analyzing
your code, it's gonna say,
well okay based on the argument
types that are passed in.
I expect that you're gonna
end up with a never here.
And so
this function is gonna return a never and
you're trying to capture the result,
and that's gonna be a never.
That error will percolate up through.
It is the compile time
you think of it that way.
So you wanna, it's for scenarios
you're deliberately trying to avoid.
In our case for the RGB staff,
we might use a never in a situation where
you're passing in like a string that
is neither of size 3 or size 6.
You might use a never type there.
Basically now, we have a better shot of
picking up on that problem at build time.